#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aioboto3==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   aioboto3
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   geoip2
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiokafka==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via dlt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiokafka
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthoganalytics
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.28.64
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
boto3-stubs[s3]==1.34.36
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.31.64
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.34.36
    # via boto3-stubs
brotli==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
celery-redbeat==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via prance
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   dlt
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
clickhouse-driver==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickhouse-pool
clickhouse-pool==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-fernet-encrypted-fields
    #   kafka-helper
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via toronado
cssutils==2.9.0
    # via toronado
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-deprecate-fields
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-fernet-encrypted-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-redis
    #   django-revproxy
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-dataclasses
    #   drf-spectacular
django-axes==5.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-deprecate-fields==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fernet-encrypted-fields==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==3.0.7
    # via
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
django-loginas==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==6.4.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-revproxy==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-statsd==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-structlog==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-two-factor-auth==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-dataclasses
    #   drf-exceptions-hog
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-dataclasses==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dlt==0.4.3a0
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-exceptions-hog==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
filelock==3.13.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   s3fs
future==0.18.3
    # via lzstring
geoip2==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via dlt
giturlparse==0.12.0
    # via dlt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.16.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.27.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-bigquery==3.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-cloud-sqlcommenter==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via gevent
grpcio==1.60.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.60.1
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
hexbytes==1.0.0
    # via dlt
hogql-parser==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via openai
humanize==4.9.0
    # via dlt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
infi-clickhouse-orm @ git+https://github.com/PostHog/infi.clickhouse_orm@37722f350f3b449bbcd6564917c436b0d93e796f
    # via -r requirements.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via infi-clickhouse-orm
isodate==0.6.1
    # via python3-saml
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpath-ng==1.6.1
    # via dlt
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kafka-helper==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   python3-saml
    #   toronado
    #   xmlsec
lzstring==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
makefun==1.15.2
    # via dlt
maxminddb==2.5.2
    # via geoip2
mimesis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthoganalytics
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-boto3-s3==1.34.14
    # via boto3-stubs
nh3==0.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.13
    # via dlt
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   dlt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   prance
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   webdriver-manager
parso==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pathable==0.4.3
    # via jsonschema-path
pathvalidate==3.2.0
    # via dlt
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via dlt
pexpect==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumberslite==8.13.29
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
posthoganalytics==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via django-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
protobuf==4.25.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   temporalio
psycopg==3.1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   urllib3
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pendulum
    #   posthoganalytics
    #   temporalio
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via webdriver-manager
python-statsd==2.1.0
    # via django-statsd
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickhouse-driver
    #   djangorestframework
    #   dlt
    #   infi-clickhouse-orm
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonschema-path
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dlt
    #   geoip2
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   infi-clickhouse-orm
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   posthoganalytics
    #   prance
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
requirements-parser==0.5.0
    # via dlt
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2023.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via boto3
selenium==4.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.2
    # via dlt
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via dlt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   isodate
    #   posthoganalytics
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slack-sdk==3.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
snowflake-connector-python==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
sqlalchemy==2.0.25
    # via dlt
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
statshog==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
stripe==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
structlog==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-structlog
temporalio==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   dlt
time-machine==2.13.0
    # via pendulum
token-bucket==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via dlt
toronado==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via openai
trio==0.24.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
types-awscrt==0.20.3
    # via botocore-stubs
types-protobuf==4.24.0.20240129
    # via temporalio
types-s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3-stubs
types-setuptools==69.0.0.20240125
    # via requirements-parser
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   boto3-stubs
    #   dlt
    #   mypy-boto3-s3
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qrcode
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   stripe
    #   temporalio
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dlt
    #   pendulum
tzlocal==5.2
    # via clickhouse-driver
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   django-revproxy
    #   geoip2
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   urllib3
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via urllib3
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
whitenoise==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via python3-saml
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.1
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
