#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
argcomplete==3.2.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   redis
black==22.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   datamodel-code-generator
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via pytest-watch
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
datamodel-code-generator==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django==4.1.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
django-stubs==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==4.2.7
    # via django-stubs
djangorestframework-stubs==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pytest-watch
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest
faker==17.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fakeredis[lua]==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   fakeredis
flaky==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
genson==1.2.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
icdiff==2.0.7
    # via pytest-icdiff
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
inflect==5.6.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   datamodel-code-generator
lupa==1.14.1
    # via fakeredis
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mypy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
mypy-baseline==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   mypy
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   build
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   pytest
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via pytest-icdiff
pydantic[email]==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   pydantic
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-icdiff
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-split
    #   pytest-watch
    #   syrupy
pytest-asyncio==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-env==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-icdiff==0.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-split==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-watch==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   responses
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fakeredis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   responses
responses==0.23.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ruff==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fakeredis
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
syrupy==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
types-freezegun==1.1.10
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-markdown==3.3.31
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pytz==2023.3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   responses
types-redis==4.3.21.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-requests==2.26.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-retry==0.9.9.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via pytest-watch
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
